Grandma, you are so kind. You are good too.
Grandma, I feel that I am really lucky.
Although I don't like bitterness,
But I'm not too big either.
I believe you can't kill me,
It will make me stronger. grandmother,
child. grandmother,
Is it you? Should you go to sleep?
Go to sleep. That's OK,
Wake up more. Don't worry,
Grandma, no. Tell you the time.
You know you shouldn't like rich people.
She insists that she is a rich second generation. Fool,
Don't understand anything. grandmother,
This is for you.
Tommy, do you understand?
The cio of the group comes to Tommy and you don’t even understand rice.
The best way to do something initially
It's a head-on victory
It's okay to have a dream here
Just use me
I want you to protect you
Can you sleep with me tonight?